dear mom I'm trying to help you out I am
trying to help you not get your account
banned please what I want to help you
why do you want to help me because I do
not want to ban your son's account ma'am
he's a good kid but he has a ma'am it's
my it's my account a Z bubble-butt is a
clusen bitch don't let your son play
this game go fuck yourself
go chill let's just chill just call me a
bitch no I did not ban your thing man
Bam Bam Bam goodbye you're coming off
very ignorant you know that
I don't know I'm not a virgin for all
I'm like 38 and I'm a virgin I'm gonna
be 40 a virgin got me the party uh sorry
your old partner hip dab diversion time
oh my god you're trying to get us killed
no we're not would you guys soon thanks
round of Simon Says that's what we're
trying to do Simon Simon Says crouch oh
my god you're doing so they spawn behind
you stupid no incest Crouch that stark
teabagging all right bag yeah there we
go good good boy beep Simon Says spin
around an Urkel keep tea bagging tea
bagging tea bagging Cyrus's tea bagging
Simon Says an opening round in circles
lemon says scream I'm a fucking idiot
I'm not saying I'm an idiot
elevator doors blocks hold ax to call
elevator elevator doors why don't you
call elevator doors call elevator
support hey watch it guys come up here
and help me out how would you guys come
up here and join me why don't you come
up here and help the fucking retard out
huh why don't you guys fucking help me
huh and that's when to make an
announcement since I'm very very
important probably the most important
person in this lobby but I have him I
have announced myself as the leader so
whatever I say goes
so speak once only when spoken to and
whatever I say you have to do so do I
make myself clear
I'm leaving now no dude you gotta make a
choice here Hospital bar me gotta make a
choice just say it motherfucker man you
gotta say
[Music]
I'm sorry hello yeah sorry ma'am I what
I said was just immature I really am
sorry I I was gonna do something to your
account but your son's a good kid I just
want you to know that I'm sorry I really
am
like I mean it but you are a slut and
maybe you should keep your legs closed
what's the time but still I'm just
saying maybe you have a mod maybe
whether you guys have a mug oh it was
very fun playing with you guys who's
entertaining and I'll see you later have
a good weekend
[Laughter]